# virtual-museums

Hello! Welcome to virtual-museums! As the world continues to transition from analog to digital, advancements in technology are starting to cause more concern than excitement among human beings. With the recent development of AI such as OpenAI's Dall-E or ChatGPT, many are beginning to fear the loss of the human element in art and literature. Along with concerns of copyright, I believe that part of this fear comes from AI being so advanced that it is hard to tell whether or not a piece of art was completely generated by software. However, I also believe that many people who use this software to create art are not intentionally trying to take away work from artists and are only caught in the crossfire because there is no established market or forum for artficially generated art. That's where virtual-museums comes in.

## Features

Within virtual-museums you can:
- Create, read, update and delete Museums/Artists/Art Pieces
- Define the type of art that an artist creates
- Categorize different kinds of art using different museums
- Create spaces with limited capacity to feature a rotation of artists/art styles
- Create a space for both AI generated and human made digital art

## Backend Installation

Fork and clone this repository, navigate to the directory that contains this program in your terminal then run:

```bash
bundle install
```

To start the server, run this in the same terminal

```bash
rake server
```

Make sure your server is running on port http://localhost:9292

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first
to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)